10 Use Cases for Space Trader

**Save Game -- Joel Anderson**
Buy or Upgrade Ship and buy equipment
Start Game
Buy Materials (Lance Hasson)
Travel To a Different System (Drew)
Trading/Sell goods
Sell stolen goods
Buying Skills and Mercenaries -- (Ben Wilson)
Encounters in Space
Exchange in the Stock Exchange
Buy planets -- Nathan Somavarapu
Move through Turns
Interact with/Examine ship


What you need in your indivual use cases:

Title:
Primary Actor:
Stakeholders:
Precondition:
Postcondition:
Main Success Scenario:
Extensions/Alternative Flows:

=======

(Lance Hasson)
Buy Materials:
Primary Actor - Space Trader
Stakeholders - Other Traders, Planet Citizens, Intermediary (Who takes 10%)
Precondition - The Stakeholder actually has the materials, Space Trader has enough money for the materials
Postcondition - Space Trader receives materials and loses money, the Stakeholder loses materials and gains money
Main Success Scenario -
                        1. Space Trader initiates Trade
                        2. Space Trader has enough money for the materials
                        3. Space Trader has enough storage space in his cargo hold
                        4. Space Trader Gains Materials and loses money
                        5. Stakeholder loses materials and gains money
                        6. Space Trader is returned to market
Extensions/Alternative Flows -
                               2a. Space Trader has insufficient funds
                                    1. Space Trader is returned to market
                               3a. Space Trader has no room in his cargo hold
                                    1. Space Trader is returned to market
                               5a. If actor buying is Intermediary
                                    1. Space Trader gains only 90% of selling price
                                    2. Space Trader is returned to market
(Ben Wilson)
Buy Skills/Mercenaries
Primary Actor - Space Trader
Stakeholders - Mercenaries, Skills
Precondition - The Space Trader has money to spend
Postcondition - Space trader receives the skills and/or mercenaries
Main Success Scenario -
                        1. Space Trader initiates Trade
                        2. Space Trader has enough money for the skills/mercenaries
                        4. Space Trader gets skills and mercenaries, and loses money
                        5. Stakeholder gains money
                        6. Space Trader is returned to market
Extensions/Alternative Flows -
                               2a. Space Trader has insufficient funds
                                    1. Space Trader is returned to market